[Merged by Bors] - Add demo nifi-kafka-druid-earthquake-data (#110)
stackabletech/stackablectl: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/demos/nifi-kafka-druid-earthquake-data.adoc

* Spin up the follow data products
** *Superset*: A modern data exploration and visualization platform. This demo utilizes Superset to retrieve data from Druid via SQL queries and build dashboards on top of that data
** *Kafka*:  A distributed event streaming platform for high-performance data pipelines, streaming analytics and data integration. This demos uses it as a event streaming platform to stream the data in near real-time

> ** *NiFi*:  An easy to use, powerful system to process and distribute data. This demos uses it to fetch earthquake-data from the internet and ingest it into Kafka

Author: ```suggestion
** *NiFi*:  An easy-to-use, powerful system to process and distribute data. This demos uses it to fetch earthquake-data from the internet and ingest it into Kafka
```

** *Druid*: A real-time database to power modern analytics applications. This demo uses it to ingest the near real-time data from Kafka, store it and enable to access the data via SQL
** *MinIO*: A S3 compatible object store. This demo uses it as persistent storage for Druid to store all the data used
* Continuously emit approximately 10.000 records/s of https://earthquake.usgs.gov/[earthquake data] into Kafka
* Start a Druid ingestion job that ingests the data into the Druid instance
* Create Superset dashboards for visualization of the data

The whole data pipeline will have a very low latency from putting a record into Kafka to it showing up in the dashboard charts.

You can see the deployed products as well as their relationship in the following diagram:

image::demo-nifi-kafka-druid-earthquake-data/overview.png[]

== List deployed Stackable services

> To list the installed installed Stackable services run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list the installed Stackable services run the following command:
```

From the output you can see, that the last record was produced at the timestamp `1660571644060` which translates to `Mo 15. Aug 15:54:04 CEST 2022` (using the command `date -d @1660571644`).
You can also see that it was the record number `2670281` send to this topic, so ~2.6 million records have been produced so far.

== NiFi

NiFi is used to fetch earthquake-data from the internet and ingest it into Kafka.

> The demo has stated a workflow ("process group") that download a large CSV file, converts it to individual JSON record and produce the records into Kafka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo includes a workflow ("process group") that downloads a large CSV file, converts it to individual JSON records and produces the records into Kafka.
```

=== View testdata-generation job

> You can have a look at the ingestion job running in Druid by opening the given `nifi` endpoint `https` from your `stackablectl services list` command output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have a look at the ingestion job running in NiFi by opening the given `nifi` endpoint `https` from your `stackablectl services list` command output.
```

You have to use the endpoint from your command output, in this case it is https://172.18.0.3:32558. Open it with your favorite browser.

> If you get a warning regarding the self signed certificate (e.g. `Warning: Potential Security Risk Ahead`) you have to tell your browser to trust the website and continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get a warning regarding the self-signed certificate from the xref:secret-operator::index.adoc[Secret Operator] (e.g. `Warning: Potential Security Risk Ahead`), you have to tell your browser to trust the website and continue.
```

Have a look at https://superset.apache.org/docs/creating-charts-dashboards/creating-your-first-dashboard#creating-charts-in-explore-view[the Superset documentation] on how to do that.

=== Load additional data

> You can use the NiFi webinterface to collect arbitrary data and write it to Kafka (it's recommended to use new Kafka topics for that).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the NiFi web interface to collect arbitrary data and write it to Kafka (it's recommended to use new Kafka topics for that).
```

> As an alternative you can use a Kafka client like https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/app-development/kafkacat-usage.html[kafkacat] to create new topics and ingest data.

Reviewer: Use the "real" kcat repo and not a 3rd party? https://github.com/edenhill/kcat

Author: agreed
